Endless procedurally generated Action RPG.

You start in a little town with a resurrection stone and shop.
Around it is a newbie area with the simplest enemies.
Slow, melee, low health...

Areas with tougher monsters are generated around the first area.
The mobs will spawn in groups of one or more creatures.
When they see you they will hunt you until you're out of range again no matter how far you run.
The starting town will have strong guards to take care of them if you took on something too powerful and manage to get back to base.
They will return to the spawn point if you lose them.
Areas will overlap to avoid empty areas.

For each new area, attributes and abilities of the mobs increase randomly.
Range, power, health, speed...

I want to give each randomly generated mob a name, so the player can associate with it's abilities easier.
There can be a database of monster types defining the limits of each monster.
A slime can for instance have limited max speed and line of sight. It may have skills like poison, teleport and split.
They should also have a standard size, so we can describe a relative size in the monster name.
The parameters of a new mob is randomly generated, then you look up which monsters may fit the description and pick one at random.
So if slime fits, the base name is Slime. But you also put on descriptive adjectives like, Small spitting slime.

If there is no match, use a generic name, perhaps abomination. Perhaps these should be human(oid).
Rogue adventurers essentially.


I want about the same pace as Rage Of Mages.
Rather slow movement so you have time to think.
Tough enemies, they shouldn't die in just a few hits. Most strikes should fail to damage in the beginning.
As you grow in skill you'll be more likely to do damage.

Click on enemy to set priority target. If you're just in range target is automatically set.

Fight mechanics
When a player or mob makes an attack. First set a target area within which the attack will hit.
Then the attack motion takes place, during which the target may determine this area and if you see through the attack you can
try to dodge or block.
This information can then be used for animations when the game gets graphics.
Attacks will have different motion time and discover difficulty. 
Your ability to discover can increase with experience as well as ability to dodge and block.
